Grandma, she's so emotional
Your unexpected operation
I don't even dare to write short sentences like this on the vertical screen
The old lady didn't explode in place
It's already very restrained
After all, on your terms
Even if you don't marry those rich kids
You should also marry a young genius
Rather than ordinary like him
But my ideal husband is as ordinary as him.
Brother, since you became the president
The company's stock has risen fivefold
Business ability is obvious to all
But your ability to find sister-in-law
Compared to your ability to work
It's too bad.
Is there anything wrong with him?
Compared to those rich daughters
Some are too ordinary
But I just like him.
So when are you going to
Tell your sister-in-law who you are
Wait for grandpa to accept my wife
Just ordinary people
We are not short of money
But you two are so far apart
Female high difficulty low
Marriage is hard to be happy
come
I'll show you the negative news about these flash marriages
Hey, I don't want to see it.
Then I'll read it to you
You can stop nagging.
My brain is going to explode
When do you have to wait?
You don't like New Moon's granddaughter
Instead, I got married to a little girl in a convenience store
You are going to piss grandpa off
Hey, you said I'm married now.
Is it time to buy a wedding house?
Shh! Stop calling
Hey where do you live now
Ah, I live in Moshang Sweet City
What about you? I don't have a place to live yet.
I guess now that we're married
I want to buy a wedding room near you
buy a house
In fact, you don't have to put so much pressure on yourself
We can rent a house. We can rent a room.